c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\bin\Debug\DataConvert.Android.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\bin\Debug\DataConvert.Android.pdb
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\bin\Debug\DataConvert.Android.apk
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\bin\Debug\DataConvert.Android-Signed.apk
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\obj\Debug\DataConvert.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\obj\Debug\DataConvert.Android.dll
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\obj\Debug\DataConvert.Android.pdb
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\DataConvert.Android.apk
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-mdpi\icon.png
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\bin\Debug\DataConvert.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\dexter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataConvert\DataConvert\DataConvert.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\DataConvert.Android.dll.mdb
